you are my mystery my reason
your every breath I breathe your every
smile
could my heartbeat
do some
the sweetest love affair
founding
visions of roses and pictures and poses
my grandpa dancing they'll come a day
when memories fade buddy
you will always be around
first came to then came dream
Connie's symbol
I got one
they say me
miracles will come
so brain
as for me
like the rain and the wind the rivers
that be
but gently do
see
here in my heart I guess I just love
them
you will always be
when you wish upon a star who makes no
difference to you
they'll take you someplace safe
way from year we're all your pain
there's some where angels come just try
on tears that's why
but for now let's go
just you
yeah
it wasn't laughter there was
it was a jury
these last words
useful to
you must go and you must be strong I
will wait for you
and please don't be sad what a wonderful
you